yeah YouTube's Olympic bicep here it's
um September thing 28 27 28 27 um just
woke up decided check my weight so let's
check the scale County the line sling it
off like that
I one 34.1 which means i begin about
roughly 70 pounds of muscle since the
beginning of last month so I think
that's actually a pretty good progress
and the fishings and then extech least
our bolts and that's all about two weeks
ago so eight pounds of muscle think it
shows a beginning of June when things
already a serious about 135 then I cut
down to 127 127 or so and I wasn't even
I completely accurate all wait measuring
I went as at the gym when I like I would
wake up to morning with 134 so I must
have gained about 78 pounds of muscle
within the dollar time so I was gonna
tell you today's arm arm day could be
working out of course the buys the tries
the shoulders and the forearm your work
on my forum though there it's gonna be
working today uh I found the kid he's
named Miguel in the gym I saw him he
looked pretty uneducated on what he was
doing I was working the chest so I
thought I from some things I was told so
pretty much last night I told them
record for me and I'll teach you some
things and looks like he could use it
and he appreciates Oh began to talking
and that's pretty much what's around so
i'll be showing to you so awesome bicep
working awesome by support go get your
bicep on the big biceps tile one thing i
should mention though this kind of weird
since i've started though bulk I've
actually I think gained definition or a
lot of extra muscle god notice you can't
receive right now in the mirror but last
night and I started having like I have
veins rerum this area of my abs but they
seem to pop out more
as well as my legs actually got ball top
head of my leg showing now wasn't that
far up before I'm so you can see the
calves no you can't really see the kid
anyways I think I'm rambling a little
bit too much as peoples what's going on
ah stay tuned